Tongye, please let me accompany you to tell the story of eleven and twenty-one
I can even agree to it at my own expense.
But when you sell, the whole family comes together to find it,
It's hard for me to say.
Colleagues, if you lose to death, you will win.
Just wait until you get up to tell all about the family!
I, too, tell you.
Let’s deal with it first, then it’s time to deal with it formally.
It's official, you've offended the family enough,
What else is formal. Of course let Wannian,
From the formal way of looking back to the family manager.
Confirmation case, what do you mean? Senior brother
You haven't got it yet
What about the designed contract?
That's the Circle Department, right? My Circle Department
Just find a recruitment agency and re-bid.
Why are you playing with Miss Ning? Playing with Ning’s mother?
Let me play with Ning
Once you get the design and calculation contract, you and I will know
Found TSMC
Wan Ning Ruo is returning to the tomb home
Why was he dismissed from the team?
That design group happens to be the same
But if you don't want to play
How do you meet your team position when you return to Tomb Home?
Then the design group's settings are so good
It's just a bad spleen that can't make your feet fat, you bastard
What will your current general manager of the company do?
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
tube will protect
It’s grandma in front of you, not you.
The general manager of Mujia will come out, right? Grandma